{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1347\cocoasubrtf570
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red217\green11\blue5;\red102\green102\blue102;\red108\green108\blue108;
\red255\green255\blue10;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl168\slmult1

\f0\b\fs52 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd-3\expndtw-11
3rd & Log Analysis\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
\cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl168\slmult1

\b\fs40 \cf4 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Week 7 Recap\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl168\slmult1\sa280
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
Jerry Jones and the Ultimate Hedge\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720\sl168\slmult1
\cf4 \kerning1\expnd-2\expndtw-8
or\
\
In Jerry Jones We Trust\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720

\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720

\b0\fs24 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Last
\fs28 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
week on 3rd and Log, our model predicted the Dallas Cowboys to have a 57% chance of beating Eli Manning and the New York Giants. The Cowboys started the year with the 7th highest ELO rating due to their success from last season. Unfortunately, that success has not carried over into this season. With Tony Romo and Dez Bryant still injured and Matt Cassel, their 3rd string quarterback, leading their offense, we weren't sure how the Cowboys would pull off a victory over the Giants, but we had faith. We put our trust in Jerry Jones and his delusionally optimistic \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
comments\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
. Turns out, Jerry Jones was more right than wrong. Matt Cassell did take more shots down the field which ultimately led to interceptions (3 total). A Special Teams breakdown and a cheerful motivational \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
speech\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 by Greg Hardy didn't help much either. Eventually, the Cowboys fell to the Giants 20-27. \
\
For this week, the biggest game to watch will be the Cincinnati Bengals vs Pittsburgh Steelers. The undefeated Bengals have the 3rd ranked Offense in the league and will go against Pittsburgh\'92s 24th ranked Defense. The good news for Pittsburgh would be the return of Ben Roethlesburger, which also means they no longer have to start a quarterback that finally \'93\cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
learned\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\'94 out to hold a football in his 11th season as a professional or a quarterback who\'92s \cb5 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
measure\cb1 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
 of success was to not lose a game rather that to win a game.\
\
\
(highlights would be links to articles)\page \pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.dallasnews.com/sports/dallas-cowboys/20151016-jerry-jones-cowboys-qb-matt-cassel-will-take-more-chances-and-that-could-lead-to-more-turnovers.ece"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 http://www.dallasnews.com/sports/dallas-cowboys/20151016-jerry-jones-cowboys-qb-matt-cassel-will-take-more-chances-and-that-could-lead-to-more-turnovers.ece}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI9wX5Z2_U4"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=FI9wX5Z2_U4}}\
\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardeftab720
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://www.sbnation.com/nfl/2013/5/19/4345588/michael-vick-chip-kelly-football-grip"}}{\fldrslt 
\fs28 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\ul \ulc0 http://www.sbnation.com/nfl/2013/5/19/4345588/michael-vick-chip-kelly-football-grip}}\
\
http://www.behindthesteelcurtain.com/pittsburgh-steelers-opinions-reactions-news-updates/2015/10/29/9633530/steelers-fans-owe-landry-jones-an-apology-and-a-huge-thank-you}